Update readme expression (#37)
kubernetes-sigs/lws: README.md

## Feature overview

- **Group of Pods as a unit:** Supports a tightly managed group of pods that represent a “super pod”
  - **Unique pod identity:** Each pod in the group has a unique index from 0 to n-1.
  - **Parallel creation:** Pods in the group will have the same lifecycle and be created in parallel.

> - **Dual-template, one for leader and one for the workers:** Supports pod group that is composed of a single leader and a set of workers, and allow to specify a template for the workers and optionally use a second one for the leader pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dual-template, one for leader and one for the workers:** Pod group is composed of a single leader and a set of workers, and allow to specify a template for the workers and optionally use a second one for the leader pod.
```

Reviewer 2: I would actually say: "A replica is a group of a single leader and a ...."

Author: updated

- **Multiple groups with identical specifications:** Supports creating multiple “replicas” of the above mentioned group. Each group is a single unit for rolling update, scaling, and maps to a single exclusive topology for placement. 
- **A scale subresource:** A scale endpoint is exposed for HPA to dynamically scale the number replicas (aka number of groups)

> - **Rollout and Rolling update:** Supports performing rollout and rolling update at the group level, which means we upgrade the groups one by one as a unit (i.e. the pods within a group are updated together).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rollout and Rolling update:** Supports performing rollout and rolling update at the group level, which means the groups are upgraded one by one as a unit (i.e. the pods within a group are updated together).
```
